ADVENTURE GAME SCENES

Location 1:
Heading: Scene 1 - The Enchanted Forest
You are in an enchanted forest. There are two paths. Which way do you go?
Go Left: Location 4
Go Right: Location 2 

Location 2:
Heading: Lost in the Enchanted Forest
You are very lost deep in the Forest
Go Left: Location 4
Go Right: Location 2

Location 4:
Heading: The Spider Clearing
You are in clearing lost deep in the enchanted forest. There is a fearsome giant spider. What do you do?
Attack the spider: Location 6
Shout for your mum: Location 7
Offer the Spider your bottle of Coca Cola: Location 8

Location 5:
Heading: A Clearing in the Enchanted Forest
You are very lost deep in the Forest
Go Left: Location 5
Go Right: Location 2

Location 6:
Heading: OOOPS!
The Spider laughs at your puny lack of weapons. He bites you filling you with venom. He then slowly sucks out your insides. You are dead.
Try again?: Location 1

Location 7:
Heading: Your Mom
As if by magic, your Mum appears.
She tells you off for making so much noise and tells you not to be so scared of spiders.
She gives you the four pairs of roller skates that you left on the stairs for your little brother to play with. She tells you to put them away.
Attack the spider: Location 6
Give the spider your Coca Cola: Location 8
Give the spider your roller skates: Location 9

Location 8:
Heading: Coke is it!
The spider drinks down your 3 litre extra large coke bottle in one huge gulp.
He smiles sweetly at the lovely sugary Coke goodness.
He swells up and explodes, showering the whole forest with spider innards and worse, phosphoric acid from the Coke™.
Everything DIES.
Try again?: Location 1

Location 9:
Heading: Spider on Skates! Yikes!
The spider tries on the roller skates; however, as everybody knows, there is nothing funnier than a deadly venomous spider wearing roller skates.
Everybody laughs at the spider. He is so embarrassed he runs away and hides. You escape in all the confusion.
You claim an extremely valuable Spider's egg
The End
Play Again?: Location 1

